
                                  WHICHEVER

This command, "Whichever", takes a list of filenames (or anything) in its
standard input, picks one line of that input at random, and substitutes that
line into its argument line where it finds "[]", and executes the resulting
string as a command.  Use it whenever you want to use a program on a random
argument selected from a list.  Make a file containing a list of the things
you want to select randomly from and redirect its input to that file, or you
might want to pipe the output of some directory lister program into the
input, to operate on a random filename.

For example, if your input file "namelist" contains:

    foobar
    doo
    dah

and you give the command 

    Whichever < namelist Echo "The word is []"

It will echo either "The word is Foobar", "The word is doo", or "The word is
dah", at random.

Limitations:  It sucks the entire input into memory, so keep it small.  It
has a preset limit to the number of lines it can read which is currently set
to 1000 (see the #define for LINELIMIT) and will stop reading when it reaches
this limit.  It ignores blank lines and lines that would produce a command
longer than 255 characters.

                                  FOREVERY

This works the same as Whichever except instead of picking one line at
random, it executes a command for EVERY usable line it finds in the standard
input, sequentially.  So it's useful for repeating one command for a whole
set of files (or other options).  If ForEvery were used instead of Whichever
in the example above, it would echo all three lines.  It does not stop
executing if one of the commands returns an error, but it does listen for
Ctrl-C and Ctrl-D break signals.  Unlike Whichever, it has no limit on the
number of input lines.

One additional use that ForEvery can have is to redirect the output of an
AmigaDOS script file, which normal command line redirection fails to do.
That is, if you go "MyScript > t:foo", the output of any commands executed in
MyScript will still go to the normal standard output instead of to t:foo.
But if you execute MyScript using this command:

    ForEvery < env:Blank > t:foo MyScript []

the script's output is redirected to t:foo.  This command is a bit
complicated to execute MyScript just once, but it gets the job done.  For
this to work, the file env:Blank should contain a single space character.  A
command such as

    SetEnv Blank " "

will create such a file.  If you have a replacement command shell that
supports "|" command piping, you don't need an env:Blank file.  Instead, you
can do this:

    Echo " " noline | ForEvery > t:foo MyScript []

Of course, if you want to execute MyScript multiple times on different
arguments, then you would use it normally: by redirecting the input to a file
in which you have listed the different arguments to be operated on.
