HOW FASTSCAN.LIBRARY WORKS:
FastExamine scarfs the entire track that the directory being examined is on, and
saves the hash table plus any blocks on that same track that point to that
directory as parent.  Any blocks which do so and are also mentioned in the hash
table get pushed onto a "ready" list.  Any which are not mentioned in the hash
table go into the "maybe" group, which is stored as a binary tree.  Each file
consumes 80 bytes of memory, or twice that if it has a filenote, plus some more
to hold its hash table if it is a directory and you're using the deep version.
Each file put on the ready list gets its number removed from the hash table, and
if it has a hash chain pointer, that number gets inserted into an empty space in
the table, and the maybe tree is checked to see if this block is present there.
If so, that one is moved from the maybe group to the ready group, and its hash
pointer is similarly checked.  The total count of block numbers in the table
never increases.  Whenever you call FastExNext, it simply returns a file from
the ready list.  If the ready list is empty, it reads the track which contains
the block number in the hash table which is closest to the last track read.  It
then checks this track for readies and maybes just like the first track.  This
process continues until both the ready list and the hash table are empty, at
which time it automatically calls FastExCleanup.  When I say it "reads" a track,
what I actually mean is that it waits for the completion of a track read which
it had already started, in anticipation, in a previous call to FastExNext.  As
soon as it reads one track it figures out the next one it wants and asks the
disk to read it ... except that it does not start an anticipatory read if the
ready list contains any directories and the deep version is being used -- this
is the part that is better optimized for reading inner dirs right away instead
of afterwards.  Only when the ready list has been emptied does it use the data
returned from such reads.

It's not quite as efficient as the Fast File System when operating on a Slow
File System volume, because a pointer found in a hash chain might cause it to
skip back to a track it already passed over (the sorted hash lists of the FFS
prevent this from happening), and because it can't make use of blocks buffered
inside the file system (that is, AddBuffers doesn't help), but it will never
read the same track twice.  Unless it runs out of memory, that is, in which case
it will "forget" some of the maybes, which might cause it to reread a track if a
maybe it forgot turned out to be needed after all.  On the fast file system when
not using the deep version, no maybies would be saved at all because of the
sorted hash chains.  For this reason there is no performance advantage (except
in scarce cases where a large number of entries are packed onto a few tracks),
so instead we use asynchronous ExNext packets which can take advantage of
AddBuffers.

The deep version works by simply remembering ALL files and directories it finds
on any track it reads, in the maybe tree.  This can consume many K of memory if
it reads lots of tracks on a hard disk.  But it saves a lot of disk IO, because
if some directory needs to check a track that some other directory has already
referenced, the information is waiting for it.  Directories that are found get
their hash tables saved in an area separate from the maybe tree.  (In fact, a
redundant copy of the information in the maybe tree is kept there, just to
simplify coding.)  No track is read twice between the first FastExamine and the
final FastExCleanup, given enough memory.  An inner FastExamine will take its
information from the maybe tree instead of reading the disk, if the relevant
track has already been read.

Actually, when I say a "track", this may be just a fraction of a track with some
hard drives.  If the size of the tracks is large (like the 98 blocks that a
"track" on an A3000's 100Mb quantum drive supposedly has), it will divide the
reading into smaller hunks, typically between ten and twenty blocks.

Hard and soft links:  Hard links are implemented on disk as blocks that point to
the other blocks they are linked to, with a linked list chaining them together
in reverse order starting from the linkee.  Locking one results in a lock on the
linkee.  ExNexting one gets the name, key, entrytype, and datestamp from the
link, and gets the size, protection, and block count from the linkee.  As of dos
2.04, ExNext never returns any filenote from a hard link, even if the linkee has
one, so this version of FastExNext doesn't either.  A hard link is marked as
being a dir or file (subtype field 4 or -4), and this must match the linkee.
Soft links have a subtype of 3, regardless of whether it's a directory or a
file, and contain the name of the linkee as a C string (NOT a BCPL string as the
dos manual asserts).  At least, that's what works at present ... AmigaDOS 2.04
does not yet support creating soft links with a shell command, but such links do
work, at least with the regular disk filesystem.  The RAM: filesystem is not
reliable with soft links.  These subtype values go into the EntryType and
DirEntryType fields of the FileInfoBlock, except that a subtype of 1 (root
directory) becomes 2.  Thus you can tell after an ExNext whether the thing is a
link by the EntryType -- if it is 2 or -3 it is not a link.  If it is -4 or 4 it
is a hard link, if 3 it is a soft link.  Soft links always have zero in their
block and length fields, and no filenote.  I think.  If you attach a link to
another link, it gets directly attached to the final linkee.

